There are a number of experiences that I've had that that Yeah, illuminates
Navy culture, huh? And they're ever present. You know, it's not
just one thing that occurred. I can think back Thio when I was a junior
officer, my first command and we every time someone would leave,
we would have what's called a hail on bail. So if new people were
coming in way, say we'd hail them say, Well, essentially welcome, make
fun of them a little. And then the folks for the folks that were
leaving, we'd make a big deal of sending them off. It wasn't our particular
method of doing it wasn't like this. This formal thing, we
were right essentially a we call scroll, which is basically we'd write
about the person experience in a very humorous way. At least we try
to make it as humorous as possible, and along the way, weed we allow
a fair amount of collateral damage of other people in the squadron
usually was a way to make fun of people, but also at the same time
show appreciation for what a person has done, Uh, that that type of
thing. I'm not so sure that would particularly go very well and in
civilian life or in a private sector. But because of the the shared
experience aspect of the military, that does seem to go a long way.
Um, it makes people feel good, and it shows an appreciation in a way
that, you know, some folks just don't some folks in the private sector
and just might not understand we did. We did a number of those
when I was. Since I've been in my community, The underlying thing about
it is that you're always showing appreciation for the people you
work with. You appreciate the hard work they put in. You appreciate
the time you spent with him whether it was by counsel or just by their
very, very their skill set. Um, I thought that was always very important,
and and incidentally, it's something that I think is kind
of gone by the wayside, as times have changed in perspective has changed